hi there welcome to our video unboxing
of the new Nokia Lumia 1520 this is
Nokia's new 6-inch phablet Windows Phone
so it's the first Windows Phone device
at this size at the phablet size of kind
of well over 5 inches quick look just to
confirm LTE compatibility first we've
got UK stock here at clove as always and
the LTE compatibility is on the 800 900
1820 120 600 gsm bands so we have
future-proof to 4g LTE technology here
there's little else on the box just a
few little brand names not actually
saying what exactly is in here so
running through these mentioned PureView
what we have here on the 15 20 is a 20
megapixel sensor so it's not as high as
the 1020 which was a 41 megapixels
however we are using nokia's pureview
technology which means there's two times
optical zoom extremely high quality
imagery nokia really are leading the way
in terms of smartphones on cameras and
the 1520 after having a play and after
taken some pictures is right up there
with the best of them they're continuing
to use the Zeiss optics as well very
important qualcomm snapdragon we're
using the new Snapdragon 800 so
currently at the time of release this is
the most up-to-date fastest processor
that is 2.26 gigahertz quad-core right
let's get into the box and have a look
pop this out so phone we have the black
model there are more colors to follow
although the black is the first
available pop that down take a quick
look
we've got our sim eject sim removal tool
first and in here standard suite of
accessories we've got the USB data cable
headphones earbuds and a charger which
is rated at 1.5 amps you'd expect a high
rating charge receive is the device has
its large 6 inch screen pop all this
back together and take a look at the
device itself so it's a big phone 6
inches that makes it a touch bigger than
the newest Galaxy Note a little bit
bigger than the HTC One bucks it is a
bit smaller than the Sony Xperia Z ultra
but in terms of other devices it's
almost the biggest phone available right
now it's huge very very definitely
worthy of the name phablet now I'm also
going to get that sim ejector tool back
out because I have just spotted it was
aware of we have a micro SD card slot
for the first time that's a sim on
anemia there we go so we have our sim
and microSD slot so for the first time
on a Lumia device you can expand the
built-in storage which is 32 gigabytes
and actually expand that up to an
another 64 gigs all previous Lumias high
anemias haven't had that so it's nice to
see a Nokia and Windows Phone embracing
expandable storage still a sealed
battery we've got this smooth curved
look which is now synonymous with with
the Lumia range very sleek quite thin
thinner than previous Lumia is
definitely thinner than the 1020 which
had to make do with the bold for the
bigger camera looks to me about the same
thickness as the 925 I haven't got one
of those two hand as always leave me
devices I think are up there with the
best in terms of design build quality
they always feel solid in the hand and
this is absolutely
no different it's another top quality
build from Nokia Carly say more than
that CEO battery there's Qi wireless
charging built into this so you don't
need charging accessories as you have
done with something other Lumineers
simply get your tea charging pad whether
that's an official lucky one or a third
party Pokemon and he'll start chargin
look into the main screen here we are
now interesting to see with a bigger
screen windows phone has automatically
changed its layout normally you've got
two sets of icons so you can have one
big square or you can have two little
squares you're normally get in that kind
of layout slightly higher res bigger
screen looks like 143 I don't know if
that's been done specifically for the 15
20 or if it's just dynamic within
Windows Phone to change based on the
screen size is probably died of it but
it's nice to see that you'll get an
extra use out of that real estate and
they've not just sized up the icons
similar to say the nexus 5 where Android
have called for a high resolution screen
bigger screen however they've just made
the icon bigger on the standard Google
launcher so yeah Windows Phone making
you so language is good to see straight
away and it's going to be standard
Windows Phone really the experience of
the windows phone doesn't change too
much from one device to another what
you've just got here is the bigger
screen a very good camera and access to
all the apps you could run on any other
Windows Phone really but if you want the
big screen you want the camera the 1520
is definitely the way to go running into
the settings all the standard Windows
Phone options windows phone has very
good support for languages worldwide and
decent ringtone support as well that's
probably what I've got to say there
there's no specific features i can go
through on the 1520 that aren't set
apart from any other lumia higher Lumia
such as the 1020 the 925 it's a similar
experience you've just got that bigger
screen you've got the Nokia program
there are other window
phone devices out that don't use nokia
procam obviously they're not Nokia's but
as Nokia seem to be the striving ahead
partnered with Microsoft the only real
mainstream and those phones most of them
will have nokia can and it's a very good
camera apps on the best camera apps
available all said and done look here
1520 very well built lot for all
obviously without screen size but if
you're looking at a phablet and you've
trying to weigh up all the androids that
are out there don't forget there's a
windows phone in the mix it could be the
one for you thanks for watching